darling I'm some meds Edna I called you
yesterday
where are mommy hello down I'll be with
you in just a minute Vladimir I'm your
auntie May
yes it's the wacky and warm wild and
wonderful and he made whose story
shattered all bestseller records and
then ran riot on stages all over the
land and he made the name that has
become a household word in brother what
a household you do have a bust
I won't skill out and pay off that nice
taxi man so he can get along home to his
family say let the taxi meter running in
the middle of the depression well ma'am
you see I'm in on it just keeps on
gushing there ain't nothing I can do
about it live that's the message yes
life is a banquet and most poor suckers
are starving to death come on now
charlie are mourning I me personally I'm
taking this boy off to boarding school I
am placing him and st. Boniface Academy
where he will stay you will only get
your depraved hands on him Christmas and
summer and I wish to heaven I could
prevent fast and he mean if you want to
give me another chance I'll prove like I
give you the time of day after the dirty
double-cross you pulled on me but you
can't take him from me he's all I have
ma'am I'm sorry
I just don't think I could bear it I
just don't
I've never seen you cry before name sip
anything wrong mr. Gooch I did just what
she told me
I lived
come on honey we better go see
Auntie Mame okay you'd better too you
wouldn't want to miss it for anything
you